Title:                          Senior IBM Case Manager Administrator
Position #:	      22-00009
Position Type:          1 year Contract (extendable for another year)
Location                    GTA, ON
 
Description:
Under the direction and guidance of Technical Service Manager, the CaseManager/Filenet Websphere Administrator, is responsible to administer the Case Manager Environment, which is made up of several IBM Tools: IBM Case Manager/FileNet, IBM Reference Data Manager/ Operational Decision Manager, WebSphere Application Server, AppConnet. The CM Administrator will manage the Case Manager ecosystem, supporting the health and security of the environments, keeping systems up-to-date, resolving second level support issues, and liaising with Applications Services, Enterprise Architecture and Information Security as required.
Responsibilities
Maintain the health, performance and security of the ecosystem by patching, upgrading and resolving vulnerabilities. 
Performance tuning and resource optimization as required 
Deploying and maintaining codebases on several platforms: Content Navigator, FileNet, App Connect, ODM, RDM, Case Manager 
Provide systems support by identifying and analyzing issues, responding within established timelines to implement corrective action, and communicating with impacted constituencies. 
Troubleshooting could involve working with many different technologies: - Browsers via the developer console - Logs in WebSphere - Windows Event logs - FileNet Administrator Console - Process Administrator for workflows 
Maintaining identical configurations between Production and DR environments, and anticipating and testing behaviour in DR scenario 
Maintain system standards and operationalization procedures, automated approaches for system administration tasks
 
Related Experience
7+ years experience administering and monitoring complex systems made up of multiple components 
Strong knowledge of WebSphere and IBM Case Manager/FileNet 
Proficiency with Windows and Linux 
Knowledge of IBM Operational Decision Manager, AppConnect and IBM Content Navigator, IBM Infosphere Information Server, Reference Data Manager would be a strong plus. 
Proven ability to communicate technological information clearly, and experience creating operational and configuration documentation, 
Clear and succinct verbal and written communication. 
Strong negotiation skills. 
Experience providing training or conveying highly technical information in plain language. 
Strong focus on execution, quality and timelines
 
We thank all candidates in advance. Only selected candidates for interviews will be contacted. For other exciting opportunities, please visit us at www.vtrac.com. VTRAC is an equal opportunity employer.
 
 
Toronto                      . Houston                   . New York                 . Miami                        . Palo Alto.
